Add a new concept page for Sidecar containers (#43346)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers.md

Reviewer: Consider adding a “Differences from sidecar containers” heading just after
```markdown
### Differences from regular containers
```

Author: Added, PTAL!

You can specify init containers in the Pod specification alongside the `containers`
array (which describes app containers).

> 

Reviewer: Try this:
Try this:
```suggestion

In Kubernetes, a [sidecar container](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/) is a container that
starts before the main application container and _continues to run_. This document is about init containers:
containers that run to completion during Pod initialization.

```

Author: Updated, Thank you,

resource requests and limits for an init container are handled differently,
as documented in [Resource sharing within containers](#resource-sharing-within-containers).

> Also, init containers(except `sidecar init containers`) do not support `lifecycle`,
> `livenessProbe`, `readinessProbe`, or `startupProbe` because they must run to completion
> before the Pod can be ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular init containers (in other words: excluding sidecar containers) do not support the `lifecycle`,
`livenessProbe`, `readinessProbe`, or `startupProbe` fields. Init containers must run to completion
before the Pod can be ready; sidecar containers continue running during a Pod's lifetime, and
_do_ support some probes. See [sidecar container](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
for further details about sidecar containers.
```

Author: Updated.

When all of the init containers have run to completion, kubelet initializes
the application containers for the Pod and runs them as usual.

### Differences from sidecar containers

Init containers run and complete their tasks before the main application container starts.

> Unlike sidecar containers, init containers are not continuously running alongside the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike [sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers),
init containers are not continuously running alongside the
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

has finished.

Here's an example of a Job with two containers, one of which is a sidecar:

{{% code_sample language="yaml" file="application/job/job-sidecar.yaml" %}}

#### Resource sharing within containers

Given the ordering and execution for init containers, the following rules
for resource usage apply:

* The highest of any particular resource request or limit defined on all init
  containers is the *effective init request/limit*. If any resource has no
  resource limit specified this is considered as the highest limit.
* The Pod's *effective request/limit* for a resource is the higher of:
  * the sum of all app containers request/limit for a resource
  * the effective init request/limit for a resource
* Scheduling is done based on effective requests/limits, which means
  init containers can reserve resources for initialization that are not used
  during the life of the Pod.
* The QoS (quality of service) tier of the Pod's *effective QoS tier* is the
  QoS tier for init containers and app containers alike.

Quota and limits are applied based on the effective Pod request and
limit.

Pod level control groups (cgroups) are based on the effective Pod request and

> limit, the same as the scheduler.

Reviewer: I would leave these line here, along with a note that they also appear in the sidecar containers page (so people know to update both places).

Author: Is it really worth of repeating the same section in both the pages? 

I feel, instead of mentioning the same text in both the pages we can keep this in [init containers](/docs/content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers.md) page and provide a hyperlink in [sidecar container](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/) page to redirect people?

@sftim,
WDYT!

Author: Here, i keep these lines as it is under [init containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/#resource-sharing-within-containers) page and provided a hyperlink in [sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#resource-sharing-within-containers) page as mentioned above comment, Please let me know if it is not accurate. i will revert back and apply your suggestions.

Reviewer: > Is it really worth of repeating the same section in both the pages?

I think it is worth the effort. Although it is more maintenance work, there are many more readers than docs contributors. The duplication is valuable to readers and so the payoff has a big multiplier.

The name of each app and init container in a Pod must be unique; a
validation error is thrown for any container sharing a name with another.

### Resource sharing within containers

> Given the ordering and execution for init containers, the following rules
> for resource usage apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the order of execution for init, sidecar and app containers, the following rules
for resource usage apply:
```

Author: Updated.

Pod level control groups (cgroups) are based on the effective Pod request and
limit, the same as the scheduler.

> {{< note >}}
> This section also present under [sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/) page.
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< comment >}}
This section is also present in the [sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/) page.
If you're editing this section, change both places.
{{< /comment >}}
```

Author: Updated.
